/**
 * © Copyright IBM Corporation 2014.  
 * This is licensed under the following license.
 * The Eclipse Public 1.0 License (http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html)
 * U.S. Government Users Restricted Rights:  Use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with IBM Corp. 
 */

This plugin contains only two steps at the moment, one for scanning Web applications and one for scanning Android applications.

"Start Mobile Analyzer Scan" Step:
This step allows you to run a security scan on your Android application using IBM Security Testing services on Bluemix

To setup the scan step load the plugin to UrbanCode and drag the "Start Mobile Analyzer Scan" to the designer.
The step has the following properties:
1. Name: The name for your step in UrbanCode deploy (e.g. "My test app security scan"). 
2. APK file location: Location of the APK file you want to scan (e.g. "c:\build_output\testapp.apk").
3. Bluemix Binding ID: After creating an application in Bluemix and binding it to our service, you'll receive the application credentials. This is the "bindingid" field in these credentials.
4. Bluemix Binding Password: After creating an application in Bluemix and binding it to our service, you'll receive the application credentials. This is the "password" field in these credentials.
5. Fail condition threshold (H, M, L, I): Fail condition for the result of the scan in High, Medium, Low, Information issue count format. 
   For example 0,5,10,20 will cause the step to fail if the resulting scan has more than 0 High issues, 5 Medium issue etc.
   Leave empty for no validation of results.
6. Scan Timeout (minutes): The time in minutes to wait for the scan to end before failing.
7. Original scan ID: In case you want to perform a rescan add the original scan id here.
8. Working Directory: The report of the scan will be saved to this directory.


"Start DAST Scan" Step:
This step allows you to run a security scan on your Web application using IBM Security Testing services on Bluemix

To setup the scan step load the plugin to UrbanCode and drag the "Start DAST Scan" to the designer.
The step has the following properties:
1. Name: The name for your step in UrbanCode deploy (e.g. "My test web app security scan"). 
2. Starting url: The url of your Bluemix application (e.g. "http://mytestapp.mybluemix.net/").
3. Application Username: If your application contains login credentials enter the username here (e.g. "adminUser"). Leave blank otherwise.
4. Application Password: If your application contains login credentials enter the password here (e.g. "adminPassword"). Leave blank otherwise.
5. Bluemix Binding ID: After creating an application in Bluemix and binding it to our service, you'll receive the application credentials. This is the "bindingid" field in these credentials.
6. Bluemix Binding Password: After creating an application in Bluemix and binding it to our service, you'll receive the application credentials. This is the "password" field in these credentials.
7. Fail condition threshold (H, M, L, I): Fail condition for the result of the scan in High, Medium, Low, Information issue count format. 
   For example 0,5,10,20 will cause the step to fail if the resulting scan has more than 0 High issues, 5 Medium issue etc.
   Leave empty for no validation of results.
8. Scan Timeout (minutes): The time in minutes to wait for the scan to end before failing.
9. Original scan ID: In case you want to perform a rescan add the original scan id here.
10. Working Directory: The report of the scan will be saved to this directory.